## 1. Initial Setup 

Follow the steps below to setup the QEMU+SystemC cosimulation environment

1. Setup SystemC based on your environment: 

    - [COE VLAB](https://neu-ece-7368.github.io/COEEnvironment.html#21-systemc)
    - [Home Environment](https://neu-ece-7368.github.io/EnvironmentHome.html#21-systemc)

2. Setup the cosimulation environment 
    - [Running the CosimEnviornment](https://neu-ece-7368.github.io/SystemCCosimulation.html) using this repo's code.

3. Review [Cosim Explained](https://neu-ece-7368.github.io/SystemCCosimWalkThrough.html) in preparation for the next set of issues in this lab.

To validate initial setup comment on this issue with a screenshot of the userspace output of QEMU after running the debugread program inside QEMU.

## 2. Debugging

1. Review section: **5. Debugging an Application running on the Simulator** in [Cosimulation Environment](https://neu-ece-7368.github.io/ARMXCompSim#5-debugging-an-application-running-on-the-simulator)
2. Debug the the debugread program (in `sw`) inside QEMU and print the address pointed to by the pDev pointer, does it match the physical address that it's mmaped to? Why? (Explain with a comment on this issue)
3. Debug the Simulated Hardware in SystemC `hw`):
    - Modify the Makefile to allow for debug compilation (with the -g flag, optimizations set to -O0). Clean the project and compile with debug flags. 
    - Modify the Makefile, copy the `launch_cosim` target into `launch_cosim_debug` and update to debug SystemC process with gdb 
    - Launch the debug of the hardware simulation. 
4. Place a breakpoint on the b_transport function inside debugdev, print out the TLM payload's address. Does it correlate with the address accessed by the pDev pointer in the debugRead program? Add a comment to this issue explaining any possible connection between the pointer and the address in the payload.
5. The debugread.c program uses keyword ```volatile``` casting for the MMR read  ```*((volatile unsigned int*)pDev)```. Remove the volatile keyword and run again. Report on the observed behavior, expalin and reason why `volatile` is needed.   

## 3. Performing Operations on the Debug Device from SW

1. Use writes to the debug device offset 0x04, to write the message "Cosimulation Works" appearing on the SystemC console (without modifying the debugdev hardware code). Commit your changes to SW `debugread.c`.
2. Investigate what happens when reading from offset 0xf0. Report your findings. 
3. Inspect the debugdev code, find the MMR that you need to write something into to stop the simulation (without modifying the debugdev hardware code). Commit your changes to SW `debugread.c`. Perform this write as the last operation in your modified debugread program.


