## 1. Add CSR Register into Vector Processor

For the next set of issues, all changes will be done in the vector_processor.cc file. Do not modify debugdev.cc, instead use it as a reference if you get stuck when creating this lab's vector processor. 

The switch statement inside the vector processor's ```b_transport``` function act's as a register space for the vector_processor. Because we're modeling hardware in C++ we can take advantage of the flexibility of software when modeling hardware. For example read operations performed on the vector processor's "register" at offset 0xC4 returns the current simulation time of the SystemC processor using ```sc_time_stamp()``` to QEMU. It also prints out ```sc_time_stamp``` as well as the time difference between successive reads on that register. (Register don't normally have the ability to printf to a console).

For this issue we're going to extend the vector processor register space with a new register called CSR at offset 0x0. 

1. Create a new member variable in vector_processor class: of type ```uint32_t``` called CSR (control status register)
3. Extend the case statements b_transport function for offset 0x0 so that:
  - a TLM_WRITE_COMMAND sets the CSR value
  - a TLM_READ_COMMAND returns the current CSR value

## 2. Interface with CSR Register from SW

1. Copy the debugread program into `vector_testbench.c`, update the Makefile to also produce the `vector_testbench` binary (and upload it). Commit your code before making changes to the source file. 
2. Update `vector_testbench.c` to interface with the vector processor. Be aware that the vector processor has a different base address than the debugdev. Write your favorite integer value into CSR and then read it back ensuring it is the same.
