This issue adds simulation of an operation and its delay to the vector processor. After the processor has received all data and is triggered to start operation (by writing to CSR), it will start processing. The vector add implemened in hardware would take some cycles to process the data and produce the output. This issue is about how to simulate that processing delay, and how to read it from SW. 

## 1. Simulate Processing Delay in SystemC

1. First add an ```SC_THREAD``` to the vector processor and called ```op_thread```, make the thread wait on a new ```sc_event``` called `start`
2. Modify the behavior of the CSR MMR write to set the `start` event when the LSB of CSR is set. 
3. Inside ```op_thread``` add a wait of 5 ms to simulate delay due to processing. Any processing in SystemC will not increase sc_time. To indicate a delay due to processing (which we will add later), we are back annotating with the delay above. To get started, we use a very large annotated delay.   
4. At the end of the ```op_process``` update CSR to 0x0 to indicate that the operation has "concluded".

## 2. Communicate with the IP from userspace

Modify the vector_testbench program to kick off processing in the vector processor and wait until the processor is finished. 

1. Write a 1 into CSR to start vector processing. Then, poll the CSR register until it's value changes to 0x0 to indicate the the IP's operation has concluded.
2. Measure the time in SW that it took for the ACC to process (i.e. the time from writing a 1 to reading 0). For this use two methods: 

    - Use the time reported by *QEMU* through `gettimeofday()`
    - Read to the TRACE register at 0xC4 to read the current *SystemC* time (in ns). Or write a marker byte (e.g. 1, 2) to TRACE and observe the SystemC output. 
    Note that these methods report two virtual times: one from QEMU and one from SystemC. You will notice that they are wildly different. Using QEMU and our settings for a fast simulation, these times are not well correleated. 

4. Ensure that you can start the vector processor multiple times, and that the measured SystemC delay time is consistent across calls. You should not need to restart the cosim enviornment, just invoke the userspace program repeatedly.

In your report reflect on the difference in reported times and potential reasons. 
