This issue adds the MMRs for communicating vector inputs and outputs, and implements the vector add operation in the `vector_processor.cc`.

# 1. Creating the Vector Registers

1. The vector adder operates on three vectors: `VA`, `VB` and `VC`. Each vector holds 16 ```uint32_t``` words. Emulate these vectors as arraya member(s) of the vector procesor. You have a choice of using one unified large array or three smaller ones. Reason in this issue about your choice.
2. Extend the MMR read/write functions to handle read/write operations from/into the vector(s) according to the [register space defintion](/README.md#vector-operation-accelerator-register-map). Since the vectors are more than one 32-bit word long, multiple reads/writes are needed. For each read/write calculate from the transaction address, the offset into the local array. For example writing to 0x08 will write the second word in `VA`. Reason in this issue about your approach in realizing this offset. 
3. Extend the SW `vector` to write to and read from each vector `VA`, `VB`, `VC`. Make sure that the values read back are the same as written in. Be cognicent of the datatype used in SW for triggering an MMR write (e.g. when casting the void pointer). They impact the length of transaction that appears on the bus (see: ```len```). Also addressing can impact transactions. Performing a 32bit write on an address that is not 32bit aligned can cause 2 separate transactions (or a bus error depending on the processor). 
4. Question: This vector adder operates on 3 16 ```uint32_t``` words vectors. What would need to change if each vector could hold 32 ```uint32_t``` words? What would need to change in the vector processor's regiser space and the top level module in zynq_demo.cc? Add your thought's to this issue's comments. 

# 2. Implement Vector Add and Testbench

1. Implement the vector add operation in ```op_thread``` to compute `VC` = `VA` + `VB`. Reason on where to place the code (before or after the 5ms delay)  to make the SW observable changes realistic. Hint: when should SW see the results? 
2. Create a testbench in `vector_testbench.c` to validate the behavior of the vector adder IP:
    - Write random values to the input vectors 
    - Start the accelerator by writing 0x1 to the CSR
    - Compute the reference output of the vector addition operation in userspace 
    - After vector adder finishes, read the contents of the output register and compare them to the reference output
2. Ensure that the testbench program can be started again, without needing to restart the cosim enviornment
